---
external: false
draft: true
title: 2024 So Far
description: 2024 so far, from January to June.
date: 2024-06-03
---

Funny how fast time seems to fly by, am I right? I still find it really hard to believe that we are already at the halfway mark of 2024, but now that we are, it feels like the perfect time to reflect on my experiences and accomplishments this year as a freshman in high school and as I officially enter my teenage years, having just turned 13. 

This year has brought about many changes and even more growth. To be honest, these six months have felt like a fever dream. I've struggled to put my thoughts into words, which is why I haven’t blogged in almost two months.

## School Life

As I entered 2024, the first immediate milestone awaiting me was the commencement of my freshman year as a secondary one high school student at Hwa Chong Institution. It marked the beginning of a new chapter in my life as a student. Attending such a prestigious school has been a cherished dream of mine ever since I was in primary school, and now being in Hwa Chong Institution, that wish has undoubtedly came true.

We kickstarted our freshman year with the inevitable Secondary One Orientation (SOO), an event designed instil school spirit and provide a basic orientation to the school. For many of my fellow classmates, this was their highlight of the year so far, and I can really see why. It was our first introduction to the school and it served as an excellent opportunity to build meaningful and long-lasting friendships with our classmates. We met each other for the very first time and had a blast practicing and learning the school cheers with our seniors, who were really friendly and left us with an amazing first impression of the school.

From March 6 to 8, we had the much-anticipated (and, for some students, dreaded) Secondary One Annual Camp (SOAC). Read about it [here](https://yuting.is-a.dev/blog/soac24/).

## Turning 13

Turning 13 is a major milestone in everybody's life. But it didn't really feel like that for me. 

On May 18, my birthday came and went. I had a cake, but there were no celebrations, parties, or gifts. It was just another day, marked only by the fact that I was now a year older. That’s really all there was to it.

What stood out more were the reflections that came with this new phase of life. I realized I needed to leave behind some childish habits and start taking things more seriously. Even though I'm still young, I feel like I've already grown a lot. 

## Regarding the Blog

At the beginning of the year, I committed to posting on this blog once a month. I've been relatively consistant until my latest post, [SOAC'24](https://yuting.is-a.dev/blog/soac24/) posted on March. Since then, I've taken a two-month hiatus and deleted several posts, including those from January and February, as well as every single post from last year.

In those 2 months, I've struggled with writer's block and at the same time spent a lot of time reflecting on the direction of this blog. I have come to the realisation that much of my previous posts no longer represented who I am or what I am trying to convey.

## Conclusion

2024 has been quite the ride, filled with its ups and downs, as every year tends to be.

As I move forward into the second half of the year, I'm excited to see what else it has in store for me. There will undoubtedly be more challenges to face and more opportunities for growth. But no matter what comes my way, I'm ready. Bring it on!